Occult 2 (#31)
sunpy/sunkit-image: changelog/31.feature.rst

> Added a new function (`sunkit_image.enhance.occult2`) to automatically trace out loops in a solar image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a new function (`sunkit_image.enhance.occult2`) to automatically trace out loops/curved structures in an image.
```
